So, guys, now let us discuss how we will going to do not in session in jail threats, so that is discussed
this with the help of an example.
So let us continue with our same structure of employer.
Now we need to create objects out of this structure and we need to insert those objects into a general
thread.
Now, notice that to add an object to G.L. thread link list deltron node itself has to be a member of
the structure.
So you can see that this Emploi structure has a member called Zaltrap Node.
Now, this deal node actually acts as a glue.
Glue means that using this delord, the employee object will going to stick itself, or in other words,
we're going to insert itself in a giant thread.
So one thing you can analyze here is that that programmer, while at the time of writing a code, the
programmer declared G.L. tried Node T as a member of this structure and apply.
It simply means that while designing the application, the developer or programmer knew beforehand that
he would going to add the object of type employee into agile thread.
Right.
That is why at the time of writing a code itself, the developer mentioned one of the members of this
structure as Geelhoed, which will act as a glue to hook up the object of type emploi in deal threads.
Now, let us discuss in the next slide that how we can insert the object of type emploi in deal threads.
So going forward, you can see this diagram shows G.L. thread containing or consisting of three objects
of type implying.
So this is object one, this is object to and this is object three.
All of the objects of type imply now using their last member, that is Geelhoed.
Each of these objects have actually picked themselves to a thread.
Right.
Now, if you have the address to this G.A., you simply subtract the offset of this G.A. to get the
starting address of the object, and once you get the starting address of the object, you can access
all the fields of this object.
Right.
So given a pointer to a G.A., how to get a pointer to the start of the object.
We have already discussed when we discussed the concept of offset.
Now, let us write a short program in which we will write an API, which will allow us to insert an
object into a dual threat.
So let us say that the name of the API is G.L. Threat.
And the first element to this API is a pointer to a dual threat list.
And the second argument to this function is actually a pointer to a G.A..
So let me show you the implementation of this function and this function is pretty much simple and straightforward.
This function simply allows you to insert a new G.A. to an existing and thread.